Update index.mdx (#1684)
meshtastic/meshtastic: docs/hardware/devices/rak-wireless/index.mdx

> f---

Reviewer: remove

[RAK1906](./wisblock/peripherals?rakmodules=Sensors&sensors=RAK1906) Environment Sensor<br/>
RAK12013 Radar Sensor<br/>
RAK13800 Ethernet Module<br/>

## RAK WisMesh Products

> Besides the above mentioned modular hardware system "WisBlock", that allows to pick all components you want on your own, RAKwireless also offers a few meshtastic devices that come ready-to-go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RAKwireless also offers a few ready-to-go meshtastic devices.
```

> Those RAKwireless Meshtastic Devices (based on the above WisBlock components, and hence fully supported by Meshtatstic) are listed on their [Meshtastic Documentation Center page](https://docs.rakwireless.com/product-categories/meshtastic/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These Meshtastic Devices are based on the above WisBlock components, and are fully supported by Meshtatstic. Find them listed on the [RAKwireless Meshtastic Documentation Center](https://docs.rakwireless.com/product-categories/meshtastic/).
```

This includes devices for different use cases like (not a complete list, just a few examples):

> - the portable Meshtastic devices 

Reviewer: Convert this from a list with sub bullet points to heading level 3's with lists underneath, to match the above section.
